---
title: "List of Publications"
collection: publications
permalink: /publication/publications-list
date: 2024-01-01
excerpt: 'List of papers'
---
Please find a list of my publications.

## Thesis
- **Simon T. Perrault**. 2013. Nouvelles Techniques d'Interaction pour les Dispositifs Miniaturisés de l'Informatique Mobile. PhD Thesis. 203 pages.

## Refereed First Tier Conference Papers
- Jie Gao, Yuchen Guo, Gionnieve Lim, Tianqin Zhang, Zheng Zhang, Toby Jia-Jun Li, **Simon Tangi Perrault**. 2024. CollabCoder: A Lower-barrier, Rigorous Workflow for Inductive Collaborative Qualitative Analysis with Large Language Models. In Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI ’24). To appear. [ArXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2304.07366)
- Shun Yi Yeo, Gionnieve Lim, Jie Gao, Weiyu Zhang, **Simon Tangi Perrault**. 2024. Help Me Reflect: Leveraging Self-Reflection Interface Nudges to Enhance Deliberativeness on Online Deliberation Platforms. In Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI’24). To appear. [ArXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2401.10820)
- Camellia Zakaria, Pin Sym Foong, Chang Siang Lim, Pavithren V. S. Pakianathan, Gerald Huat Choon Koh, **Simon Perrault**. 2022. Does Mode of Digital Contact Tracing Affect User Willingness to Share Information? A Quantitative Study . In Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI ’22). ACM, New York, NY, USA, Article 77, 1–18. [ACM DL](https://doi.org/10.1145/3491102.3517595)
- Weiyu Zhang, Tian Yang, and **Simon Perrault**. 2021. Nudge for Reflection: More than Just a Channel to Political Knowledge. In Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI '21). 10 pages. [ACM DL](https://doi.org/10.1145/3411764.3445274)
- Sanju Menon, Weiyu Zhang, and **Simon Perrault**. 2020. Nudge for Deliberativeness: How Interface Features Influence Online Discourses. In Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI '20). 13 pages. [ACM DL](https://doi.org/10.1145/3313831.3376646)
- Pin Sym Foong, Charis Anne Lim, Joshua Wong, Chang Siang Lim, **Simon Tangi Perrault**, and Gerald Huat Choon Koh. 2020. "You Cannot Offer Such a Suggestion": Designing for Family Caregiver Input in Home Care Systems. In Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI '20). 13 pages. [ACM DL](https://doi.org/10.1145/3313831.3376607)
- **Simon T. Perrault**, and Weiyu Zhang. 2019. Effects of Moderation and Opinion Heterogeneity on Attitude towards the Online Deliberation Process. In Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI '19). 12 pages. [ACM DL](https://doi.org/10.1145/3290605.3300247)
- Quentin Roy, **Simon T. Perrault**, Shengdong Zhao, Richard C. Davis, Anuroop Pattena Vaniyar, Velko Vechev, Youngki Lee, and Archan Misra. 2017. Follow-My-Lead: Intuitive Indoor Path Creation and Navigation Using Interactive Videos. In Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI '17). 13 pages. [ACM DL](http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/3025453.3025976)
- Marta Carcedo, Soon Hau Chua, **Simon T. Perrault**, Pawel Wozniak, Raj Joshi, Mohammad Obaid, Morten Fjeld, and Shengdong Zhao. 2016. HaptiColor: Interpolating Color Information as Haptic Feedback to Assist the Color Blind. In Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI '16). 12 pages. [ACM DL](http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/2858036.2858220)
- **Simon T. Perrault**, Eric Lecolinet, Yoann Bourse, Shengdong Zhao, and Yves Guiard. 2015. Physical Loci: Leveraging Spatial, Object and Semantic Memory for Command Selection. In Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI '15). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 299-308. [ACM DL](http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/2702123.2702126)
- Jessalyn Alvina, **Simon T. Perrault**, Thijs Roumen, Shengdong Zhao, Maryam Azh, and Morten Fjeld. 2015. OmniVib: Towards Crossbody Spatiotemporal Vibrotactile Notifications for Mobile Phones. In Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI '15). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 2487-2496. [ACM DL](http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/2702123.2702341)
- Thijs Roumen, **Simon T. Perrault**, and Shengdong Zhao. 2015. A Comparative Study of Notification Channels for Wearable Interactive Rings. In Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI '15). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 2497-2500. [ACM DL](http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/2702123.2702350)
- **Simon T. Perrault**, Eric Lecolinet, James Eagan, and Yves Guiard. 2013. Watchit: simple gestures and eyes-free interaction for wristwatches and bracelets. In Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI '13). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 1451-1460. [ACM DL](http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/2470654.2466192)
- Yves Guiard, Halla B. Olafsdottir, and **Simon T. Perrault**. 2011. Fitt's law as an explicit time/error trade-off. In Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI '11). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 1619-1628. [ACM DL](http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/1978942.1979179)

## Journal Articles
-  Ngoc Thi Nguyen, Maria Zubair, Agustin Zuniga, Sasu Tarkoma, Pan Hui, Hyowon Lee, **Simon Tangi Perrault**, Mostafa H. Ammar, Huber Flores, Petteri Nurmi. 2023. The Price is Right? The Economic Value of Sharing Sensors. In IEEE Transactions on Computational Social Systems. To appear. [Preprint](https://researchportal.helsinki.fi/en/publications/the-price-is-right-the-economic-value-of-sharing-sens3)
- Jie Gao, Kenny Tsu Wei Choo, Junming Cao, Roy Ka Wei Lee, **Simon Perrault**. 2023. CoAIcoder: Examining the Effectiveness of AI-assisted Collaborative Qualitative Analysis. In ACM Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction. To appear. [arXiv](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2304.05560.pdf)
- Kevin L. T. Fung, **Simon T. Perrault**, and Michael T. Gastner. 2023. Effectiveness of Area-to-Value Legends and Grid Lines in Contiguous Area Cartograms. In IEEE Transactions on Visualization and Computer Graphics (IEEE TVCG), to appear. [IEEE](https://doi.org/10.1109/TVCG.2020.3041745)
- Ka-Yan Fung, **Simon Tangi Perrault**, Lik-Hang Lee, Kwong-Chiu Fung, Shenghui Song. 2022. Can Students with Dyslexia Learn Independently? A Seven-Week Study of Chinese Character Learning in an Informal Learning Environment. In IEEE Transactions on Learning Technologies, Early Access, 16 pages. IF=3.72. [IEEE](https://doi.org/10.1109/TLT.2022.3229016)
- Katherine Fennedy, Angad Srivastava, Sylvain Malacria, **Simon Perrault**. 2022. Towards a Unified and Efficient Command Selection Mechanism for Touch-Based Devices Using Soft Keyboard Hotkeys. Major revisions, In ACM Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction, Volume 29, Issue 1, 39 pages. [Preprint](https://hal.archives-ouvertes.fr/hal-03319260)
- Katherine Fennedy, Jeremy Hartmann, Quentin Roy, **Simon T. Perrault**, Daniel Vogel. 2021. OctoPocus in VR: Using a Dynamic Guide for 3D Mid-Air Gestures in Virtual Reality. Minor revisions, In IEEE Transactions on Visualization and Computer Graphics (IEEE TVCG), Volume 27, Issue 4, 16 pages. [Preprint](https://hal.archives-ouvertes.fr/hal-03317991)
- Ian K. Duncan, Shi Tingsheng, **Simon T. Perrault**, Michael T. Gastner. 2021. Task-Based Effectiveness of Interactive Contiguous Area Cartograms. In IEEE Transactions on Visualization and Computer Graphics}, Vol 27, Issue 3, 17 pages. IF=4.558. [ACM DL](https://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TVCG.2020.3041745)
- Christopher Asplund, Takashi Obana, Parag Bhatnagar, Xun Quan Koh, **Simon Perrault**. 2020. It's All in the Timing: Principles of Transient Distraction Illustrated with Vibrotactile Tasks. In ACM Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction (ToCHI), Vol 27, Issue 3, 29 pages. IF=2.227. [arXiv](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.09100.pdf) [ACM DL](https://dl.acm.org/doi/abs/10.1145/3386358)
- Zhu Kening, **Simon Perrault**, Taizhou Chen, Shaoyu Cai, Roshan L Peiris. 2019. A Sense of Ice and Fire: Exploring Thermal Feedback with Multiple Thermoelectric-cooling Elements on a Smart Ring. In International Journal of Human-Computer Studies, Volume 130, July 2019, 14 pages. IF=2.006. [ACM DL](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijhcs.2019.07.003)

## Other Refereed International Conference Papers
- Gionnieve Lim and **Simon Perrault**. Intents and Motivations to Like, Comment and Share Posts With and Without Warnings of Misinformation. In Proceedings of the 35th Australian Conference on Human-Computer Interaction (OzCHI ’23). To appear.
- Gionnieve Lim and **Simon Perrault**. XAI in Automated Fact-Checking? The Benefits Are Modest and There’s No One-Explanation-Fits-All. In Proceedings of the 35th Australian Conference on Human-Computer Interaction (OzCHI ’23). To appear.
- Gionnieve Lim and **Simon Perrault**. Effects of Automated Misinformation Warning Labels on the Intents to Like, Comment and Share Posts. In Proceedings of the 11th International Conference on Human-Agent Interaction (HAI ’23). To appear.
- Bradley Rey, Kening Zhu, **Simon T. Perrault**, Sandra Bardot, Ali Neshati, Pourang Irani. 2022. Understanding and Adapting Bezel-to-Bezel Interactions for Circular Smartwatches in Mobile and Encumbered Scenarios. In Proceedings of the 24th International Conference on Mobile Human-Computer Interaction (Mobile HCI ’22). To appear.
- Olivia Seow, Cedric Honnet, **Simon Perrault**, and Hiroshi Ishii. 2022. Pudica: A Framework For Designing Augmented Human-Flora Interaction. In Augmented Humans 2022 (AHs 2022). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 40–45. [ACM DL](https://doi.org/10.1145/3519391.3519394)
- Quentin Roy, **Simon T. Perrault**, Katherine Fennedy, Thomas Pietrzak, Anne Roudaut. 2021. Understanding User Strategies When Touching Arbitrary Shapes . In Proceedings of the International Conference on Human-Computer Interaction with Mobile Devices and Services (Mobile HCI '21). [ACM DL](https://doi.org/10.1145/3447526.3472038)
- Thi Ngoc Nguyen, Agustin Zuniga, Huber Flores, Hyowon Lee, **Simon Perrault**, Petteri Nurmi. 2021. Intelligent shifting cues: increasing the awareness of multi-device interaction opportunities. In Proceedings of the 29th ACM Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization (UMAP '21). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 213–223, 11 pages. [ACM DL](https://doi.org/10.1145/3450613.3456839)
- Katherine Fennedy, Sylvain Malacria, Hyowon Lee, **Simon T. Perrault. 2020**. Investigating Performance and Usage of Input Methods for Soft Keyboard Hotkeys. To appear in Proceedings of the International Conference on Human-Computer Interaction with Mobile Devices and Services (Mobile HCI ’20). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 19 pages. [arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2005.13950)
- Lancelot Dupont, Christophe Jouffrais, **Simon T. Perrault**. 2020. Vibrotactile Feedback for Vertical 2D Space Exploration. To appear in Proceedings of the 2020 International Conference on Advanced Visual Interfaces (AVI ’20). ACM New York, NY, USA. 5 pages. [arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2003)
- Atima Tharatipyakul, Kenny Choo, **Simon T. Perrault**. 2020. Pose Estimation for Facilitating Movement Learning from Online Videos. To appear in Proceedings of the 2020 International Conference on Advanced Visual Interfaces (AVI ’20). ACM New York, NY, USA. 5 pages. [arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2004.03209)
- Quentin Roy, Camellia Zakaria, **Simon T. Perrault**, Mathieu Nancel, Wonjung Kim, Archan Misra, Andy Cockburn. 2019. A Comparative Study of Pointing Techniques for Eyewear Using a Simulated Pedestrian Environment. In Proceedings of the 17th IFIP TC.13 International Conference on Human-Computer Interaction (INTERACT 2019). Springer-Verlag, Berline, Heidelberg, 22 pages. [Paper](https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-29387-1_36)
- Sandra Bardot, Marcos Serrano, **Simon T. Perrault**, Shengdong Zhao, and Christophe Jouffrais. 2019. Investigating Feedback for Two-Handed Exploration of Digital Maps without Vision. In Proceedings of the 17th IFIP TC.13 International Conference on Human-Computer Interaction (INTERACT 2019). Springer-Verlag, Berline, Heidelberg, 20 pages. [Paper](https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-29381-9_19)
- Weiyu Zhang, **Simon Perrault**, and Sanju Menon. 2018. Designing Online Deliberative Processes and Technologies for Citizen Input to Policy Making. In Proceedings at Digital Asia: Social Change, Engagement, and Voices, the 2018 Preconference of International Communication Association. Prague, Czech Republic.
- Velko Vechev, Alexandru Dancu, **Simon T. Perrault**, Quentin Roy, Morten Fjeld, and Shengdong Zhao. 2018. Movespace: on-body athletic interaction for running and cycling. In Proceedings of the 2018 International Conference on Advanced Visual Interfaces (AVI '18). ACM, New York, NY, USA, Article 28, 9 pages. [Paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3206505.3206527)
- Qin Chen, **Simon T. Perrault**, Quentin Roy, and Lonce Wyse. 2018. Effect of temporality, physical activity and cognitive load on spatiotemporal vibrotactile pattern recognition. In Proceedings of the 2018 International Conference on Advanced Visual Interfaces (AVI '18). ACM, New York, NY, USA, Article 25, 9 pages. [Paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3206505.3206511)
- Xiaojun Meng, Pin Sym Foong, **Simon T. Perrault**, and Shengdong Zhao. 2017. NexP: A Beginner Friendly Toolkit for Designing and Conducting Controlled Experiments. In Proceedings of the 16th IFIP TC.13 International Conference on Human-Computer Interaction (INTERACT 2017). Springer- Verlag, Berline, Heidelberg, 132-141. [Paper](https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-67687-6_10)
- Soon Hau Chua, **Simon T. Perrault**, Shengdong Zhao, and Denys Matthies. 2016. Positioning Glass: Investigating Display Positions of Monocular Optical See-Through Head-Mounted Display. In Proceedings of the Fourth International Symposium of Chinese CHI (Chinese CHI '16). 6 pages. [Paper](http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/2948708.2948713)
- Denys Matthies, **Simon T. Perrault**, and Shengdong Zhao. 2015. Botential: Localizing On-Body Gestures by Measuring Electrical Signatures on the Human Skin. In Proceedings of the International Conference on Human-Computer Interaction with Mobile Devices and Services (Mobile HCI '15). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 207-216. [Paper](http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/2785830.2785859)
- Chen Chen, **Simon T. Perrault**, Shengdong Zhao, Wei Tsang Ooi. 2014. BezelCopy: An Efficient Cross-Application Copy-Paste Technique for Touchscreen Smartphones. In Proceedings of the 2014 International Working Conference on Advanced Visual Interfaces (AVI '14). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 185-192. [Paper](http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/2598153.2598162)
- Chen Chen, Soon Hau Chua, David Ching Wing Kei, **Simon T. Perrault**, and Shengdong Zhao. 2014. Eyes-Free Gesture Passwords: A Comparison of various Eyes-Free Input Methods. In Proceedings of the Second International Symposium of Chinese CHI (Chinese CHI '14). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 89-92. [Paper](http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/2592235.2592248)
- **Simon T. Perrault**, and Eric Lecolinet. 2013. Using Low-power Sensors to enhance Interaction on Wristwatches and Bracelets. In Proceedings of Fifth International Conference on Mobile Computing, Applications and Services (Mobicase '13). Springer-Verlag, Berlin, Heidelberg, 261-264.
- Halla B. Olafsdottir, Yves Guiard, Olivier Rioul, and **Simon T. Perrault**. 2012. A new test of throughput invariance in Fitts' law: role of the intercept and of Jensen's inequality. In Proceedings of the 26th Annual BCS Interaction Specialist Group Conference on People and Computers (BCS-HCI '12). British Computer Society, Swinton, UK, UK, 119-126. _Best paper award_.

## Edited Proceedings
- Susanne Boll, and **Simon T. Perrault**. 2020. MobileHCI '20: 22nd International Conference on Human-Computer Interaction with Mobile Devices and Services, Oldenburg, Germany, October 5-9, 2020. ACM 2020, ISBN 978-1-4503-7516-0.
- Susanne Boll, and **Simon T. Perrault**. 2020. MobileHCI '20: 22nd International Conference on Human-Computer Interaction with Mobile Devices and Services: Expanding the Horizon of Mobile Interaction, Extented Abstracts, Oldenburg, Germany, October 5-9, 2020. ACM 2020, ISBN 978-1-4503-8052-2.

## Refereed National Conference Papers
- **Simon T. Perrault**, Gilles Bailly, Yves Guiard, and Eric Lecolinet. 2011. Promesses et Contraintes de la Joaillerie Numérique Interactive: un Aperçu de l'État de l'Art. In Proceedings of 23rd French Speaking Conference on Human-Computer Interaction (IHM '11). ACM, New York, NY, USA, Article 14, 4 pages. [Paper](http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/2044354.2044372)

## Book Chapters
- Gionnieve Lim, and **Simon T. Perrault**. 2023. Fact Checking Chatbot: A Misinformation Intervention for Instant Messaging Apps and an Analysis of Trust in the Fact Checkers. In: Soon, C. (eds) Mobile Communication and Online Falsehoods in Asia. Mobile Communication in Asia: Local Insights, Global Implications. Springer, Dordrecht. [Paper](https://doi.org/10.1007/978-94-024-2225-2_11)

## Non HCI Venues
Non-Computer Science/HCI Papers
This category lists papers published in non-CS or non-HCI venues, including: Communication, Geography, Teaching or Architecture.
- Cem Ataman, Bige Tuncer, and **Simon Perrault**. 2023. Textual Big Data Structures, Processing, and Analysis: Topic Modelling for Large-Scale Digital Participation Data. In INTERCONNECTIONS: Co-computing beyond boundaries - Proceedings of the 20th Conference on Computer-Aided Architectural Design (CAAD) Futures, Delft, the Netherlands.
- Norman Tiong Seng Lee, Oka Kurniawan, Kenny Tsu Wei Choo, Matthieu De Mari, and **Simon Perrault**. 2022. Laboratory Activities for an Introductory Programming Course. In Proceedings of the 2022 IEEE International Conference on Engineering, Technology & Education (TALE). To appear.
- Cem Ataman, Pieter Hertogs, Bige Tuncer, and **Simon Perrault**. 2022. Multi-Criteria Decision Making in Digital Participation. In Proceedings of the 40th Education and research in Computer Aided Architectural Design in Europe (eCAADe) Conference (eCAADE ’22), pp 401-410. [PDF](http://papers.cumincad.org/data/works/att/ecaade2022_85.pdf)
- Cem Ataman, Bige Tuncer, and **Simon Perrault**. 2022. Asynchronous Digital Participation in Urban Design Processes: Qualitative Data Exploration and Analysis With Natural Language Processing. In Proceedings of the International Conference on Computer-Aided Architectural Design Research in Asia (CAADRIA ’22), pp. 383-392. [PDF](http://papers.cumincad.org/cgi-bin/works/Show?caadria2022_139)
- Michael T. Gastner, **Simon T. Perrault**, and Chen-Chieh Feng. 2021. Balancing Shape Distortions and Contiguity in Cartograms. in Abstracts of the International Cartography Association (ICA). [DOI](https://doi.org/10.5194/ica-abs-3-87-2021)
- Weiyu Zhang, **Simon Perrault**, and Sanju Menon. 2018. Designing Online Deliberative Processes and Technologies for Citizen Input to Policy Making. In Proceedings at Digital Asia: Social Change, Engagement, and Voices, the 2018 Preconference of International Communication Association. Prague, Czech Republic.

## Misc (workshops, posters, etc...)
- Gionnieve Lim, Hyunwoo Kim, Yoonseo Choi, Toby Jia-Jun Li, Chinmay Kulkarni, Hariharan Subramonyam, Joseph Seering, Michael S. Bernstein, Amy X. Zhang, Elena L. Glassman, **Simon Perrault**, and Juho Kim. 2023. Designing for AI-Powered Social Computing Systems. In Companion Publication of the 2023 Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work and Social Computing (CSCW '23 Companion). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 572–575. [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1145/3584931.3606951)
- Jie Gao, Xiayin Ying, Junming Cao, Yifan Yang, Pin Sym Foong, and **Simon Perrault**. 2022. Differences of Challenges of Working from Home (WFH) between Weibo and Twitter Users during
COVID-19. In Extended Abstracts of the 2022 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI EA ’22). ACM, NY, USA, Article 259, 1–7. [ACM DL](https://doi.org/10.1145/3491101.3519790)
- Gionnieve Lim, and **Simon T. Perrault**. 2021. Local Perceptions and Practices of News Sharing and Fake News. In Companion Publication of the 2021 Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work and Social Computing (CSCW ’21). 4 pages. (Poster). [ACM DL](https://doi.org/10.1145/3462204.3481767)
- Hyunwoo Kim, Eun-Young Ko, Donghoon Han, Sung-Chul Lee, **Simon T. Perrault**, Jihee Kim, Juho Kim. 2019. Crowdsourcing Perspectives on Public Policy from Stakeholders. In CHI '19 Extended Abstracts on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI EA '19). 6 pages. (Poster). [Paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3290607.3312769)
- Sarthak Ghosh, Hyeong Cheol Kim, Yang Cao, Arne Wessels, **Simon T. Perrault**, and Shengdong Zhao. 2016. Ringteraction: Coordinated Thumb-index Interaction Using a Ring. In CHI '16 Extended Abstracts on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI EA '16). 8 pages. (Poster). [Paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2851581.2892371)
- Steven Houben, **Simon Perrault**, and Marcos Serrano. 2015. Bonjour! Greeting Gestures for Collocated Interaction with Wearables. In Proceedings of the 17th International Conference on Human-Computer Interaction with Mobile Devices and Services Adjunct (MobileHCI '15). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 1146-1152. (Workshop). [Paper](http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/2786567.2794347)
- **Simon T. Perrault**, Sylvain Malacria, Eric Lecolinet, Yves Guiard. 2012. Watchit: Simple Gestures for Interacting with a Watchstrap, In CHI '12 Extended Abstracts on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI EA '12). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 1467-1468. (Video). [Paper](http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/2212776.2212489)
- **Simon T. Perrault**. 2012. New Interaction Techniques for Small Mobile Devices. In Journée Futur et Ruptures. Institut Télécom. Best poster award. (Poster)
